Ouch fruit, please save me, fruit
Ouch haha
The doctor is not good
This is a drug addiction
Incomparable desire for poison
One bite will kill you
Better not to act rashly
You shut up
Who are the statesmen?
You can still be afraid of this thing
Ouch, don't move, General
Adults wait for the poison to subside
The imperial teacher will heal you
Ouch, Imperial Preceptor, you can't send death without saving it?
Ouch, I respect you
Ouch I am
You forgot the little itch
It itches.
Did the general offend this poison-eating ant?
Use this Wugu chicken to fight poison with poison?
Ouch, oops.
Hey, hey, oops.
You bent the street and bit this general's beautiful waist
This is this
Hey
Is the general alright?
Why don't you try
Are you all right?
You see, you are tired of living, you are
Hey, don't be surprised by the general
It's as toxic as red poison
Do you want to solve this matter?
I can only rely on this five-grain attack.
You know all about this.
Hey, the little one is also to protect the general
And offended
Hope for atonement